Adds status to methods and adds enablement of all methods (#620)
mollie/api-documentation: source/reference/v2/methods-api/get-method.rst

            - The URL for a payment method icon in vector format. Usage of this format is preferred since it can scale
              to any desired size.

   * - ``status``

       .. type:: string

>      - The status that the method is in. Possible values: ``activated`` ``disabled`` ``pending-boarding`` ``pending-review`` ``pending-external`` ``rejected``

Reviewer: I think it would be good to explain what every status means.

            - The URL for a payment method icon in vector format. Usage of this format is preferred since it can scale
              to any desired size.

   * - ``status``

       .. type:: string

     - The status that the method is in. Possible values: ``activated`` ``disabled`` ``pending-boarding`` ``pending-review`` ``pending-external`` ``rejected``

       .. list-table::
          :widths: auto

          * - ``activated``

              .. type:: string

>             - The payment method is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - The payment method is activated and ready for use.
```

          * - ``disabled``

              .. type:: string

>             - The payment method is disabled.

Reviewer: I think this might be confusing. If I read the code:
```
        // If the method is disabled and not rejected we don't return a status
        if (!$profile->isMethodEnabled($spec->getPaymentType()->getPaymentTypeId())) {
            return self::STATUS_DISABLED;
        }
```

it just means that the payment method is not requested. I'm wondering if we shouldn't return `null` here to be honest. But that would also require a change to the code. Maybe good for discussion with the team. We can only merge this once and after that we're stuck with it forever.

Author: I just checked and we don't really use that status for anything yet, so a change would be easy.

          * - ``pending-boarding``

              .. type:: string

>             - The payment method has been enabled but needs the merchant to finish the boarding process to be active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Mollie is waiting for you to finish onboarding in the Merchant Dashboard before the payment method can be activated.
```

          * - ``pending-review``

              .. type:: string

>             - The payment method has been enabled but needs a review from Mollie to be active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Mollie needs to review your request for this payment method before it can be activated.
```

          * - ``pending-external``

              .. type:: string

>             - The payment method has been enabled but needs the an external process to be active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Activation of this payment method relies on you taking action with an external party, for example signing up with PayPal or a giftcard issuer.
```

          * - ``rejected``

              .. type:: string

>             - The payment method has been rejected by Mollie.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Your request for this payment method was rejected. Whenever Mollie rejects such a request, you will always be informed via email.
```
